Our relationship with Jehovah can start when we're young.
For me, it was the example that other set of putting Jehovah first
and the happiness that came as a result,
as well as being in that sort of environment
that really helped me to one reach out
as well as be available for those opportunities.
And once we do give our life to Jehovah,
it's amazing to see the blessings that he has in store for us.
But in order to build that relationship,
we need to read God's Word.
We also need to pray to Him.
The more you get to know Him, the more appealing things you learn about Him
that makes you not want to lose Him as your friends.
I always knew it was the truth and that I want to serve Jehovah forever,
but I needed to reassure myself of certain aspects.
So I did some research projects with my parents using their creator book
and some items from the Bible Teachbook.
After that, it only became more of us.
And I was certain that I wanted it
and that I was ready to get baptized.
To strengthen my relationship with Jehovah,
I read the Bible daily and I pray,
especially when there is no one around, or it's quiet,
I talk to Jehovah with all my heart at that time.
Making myself available for spiritual opportunities
was a little bit difficult for me at first,
but I didn't give up.
After my baptism, I became a ministerial servant
and I also served almost two years in Bethel.
And now, I'm a regular pioneer in how to do
in a current speaking congregation.
I didn't know or speak the currency or language,
so the local brothers helped me to learn not only how to speak,
but also how to read.
Prayers are important to strengthen my relationship with Jehovah.
For me, it's like talking to a friend and that's always helpful.
He's someone real to me and I fully trust that he listens to me.
I support the elders by helping with the cleaning of the hall,
serving as an attendant, handling microphones,
as well as helping the congregation spiritually.
When I share Jehovah's promises of eternal life with others,
I too am encouraged.
I am constantly remembering what Jehovah promises
and that motivates me to keep preaching.
There's a family in our congregation who took me into their home
and served as my spiritual parent.
Through our family worship,
they helped me to progress spiritually.
The elderly ones in our congregation have been helping me a lot.
First, they're good examples.
They also remind me to keep my eyes simple.
Despite their limited circumstances because of age,
they are determined to serve Jehovah God,
and that made me reflect on my situation.
I'm very young.
What prevents me from doing the things that they do?
Before I began Pioneering, I used to selfish seven days a week,
but now I selfish four days a week,
so three days are available for Pioneering.
To be able to be available for spiritual opportunities,
I closely associate with my congregation.
I offer some older ones a ride to the meetings or in the preaching work.
The reason I'm doing this is because I want to give my youth
an energy to Jehovah God.
When I was at school, I would conduct Bible studies with some of my classmates.
In time, they joined me in serving Jehovah.
When I think about being with them in the future of Paradise,
it gives me deep joy.
I have the privilege of studying with a deaf girl,
who leaves two hours from where I live.
We have to walk all the way.
She is very happy with what she's learning,
and her family is very supportive.
So knowing that Jehovah is helping her,
and I have a part in it, it's just priceless.
Auxiliary Pioneering definitely helped me because it was like a stepping stone
to regular pioneering.
The ministry definitely gives you the opportunity to be able to work closely with Jehovah,
and then by doing that, you're reaffirming your faith in what you already believe in,
and then you're drawing closer to Jehovah in friendship.
Having JW.org and the broadcast has definitely drawn me closer to our brothers and sisters,
but also Jehovah as well.
Just by nature, I feel like I'm a more of a timid person,
so going door to door can be a little scary,
but seeing other young ones in different parts of the world that are enduring very difficult circumstances
and living conditions, and yet are still giving their best to Jehovah,
is so encouraging for me, and it helps me to keep going on and give Jehovah my best as well.
When I think personally about all the avenues of service that we can have a hand in today,
there are so many that are exciting, whether it be pioneering in a foreign country,
serving where they need us great, even serving at Bethel.
Unless we taste and see that Jehovah is good,
unless we put ourself out there and are available to try that at least once,
we'll never know what it would be like to really serve Jehovah.
And in doing that, you will see how Jehovah does want the best life for us.